=========================================================================================================================================
Presentation of the Code that Tests the Model that Uses a Gradient that Determines How Often the Particle has its Wave Function Collapsed
=========================================================================================================================================

As is stated in the title, the code presented below tests the model where the likelihood of the particle located at a particular site having its wave function collapse is dependent on the value of the site's y-index. The higher the value of the y-index (starting at zero), the more likely the particle is to have its wave function collapse. This works by dividing the time evolution of any particular driving step into a series of time steps. After each time step, a y-index is randomly chosen where y-indices that have a higher value are more likely to be chosen than ones that have a lower y-index. Then the eigenvectors and eigenvalues of the relevant density matrix are calculated as well as the probability for the particle to occupy the chosen y-index. A random number generator then decides using the probability calculated if all of the components of the eigenvectors corresponding to the chosen y-index are set to zero or if all of the other components are set to zero. The eigenvectors are then normalized and a new density matrix is reconstructed using the eigenvalues and the new eigenvectors. Finally, the density matrix itself is normalized. The main MATLAB file that runs the sub-files that obtain the data and plots the resulting data is given below:
