==============================================================================================================================================================
Presentation of the Code that Tests the Model that Uses a Gradient that Determines How Often the Particle is both Entangled and has its Wave Function Collapse
==============================================================================================================================================================

The following code presents a method where the time evolution of each driving step is divided into a series of time steps. After each time step, the algorithm undergoes a series of iterations where during each iteration, the particle is entangled with an external qubit if the particle is present at that site and then the particle has its wave function collapse to a single site if the particle is located at a site site of interest. For both of these process, a random value of the y-index is obtained (separately for each process) where a y-index is more likely to be chosen if it has a higher value with the minimum value being zero. In addition, both of these processes separately calculate a random value for the x-index and :math:`$\alpha$` using a uniform distribution. The number of iterations was arbitrarily chosen to be equal to the number of sites of the system. For the entanglement process, first an external qubit is added. Then if the particle is present at the site of interest, the external qubit is flipped from spin down to spin up. Finally, the particle is effectively removed by calculating the reduced density matrix. For the wave function collapse process, first the eigenvalues and eigenvectors of the relevant density matrix are calculated and the probability for the particle to occupy the site of interest is calculated. Then a random number generator is used along with the probability calculated to determine whether to set the entries corresponding to the site of interest to zero or to set all of the other entries to zero. Then a new density matrix is calculated using the eigenvalues and the new eigenvectors and the new density matrix is normalized. The main MATLAB file that runs the sub-files that obtain the data and plots the resulting data is given below:
